c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\TwitchcordBot.exe.config
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\TwitchcordBot.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\TwitchcordBot.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\TwitchLib.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\bin\Release\TwitchLib.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\obj\Release\TwitchcordBot.exe
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\obj\Release\TwitchcordBot.pdb
C:\Users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TwitchcordBot\TwitchcordBot\obj\Release\TwitchcordBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
